# Cyber-Security-Data-Analysis

## 1. Introduction
Future Learn, an online learning platform, offers a course called Cyber Security: Safety at Home, Online. This three-week self-paced course focuses on critical cyber security issues. The courses are divided into three parts, each of which is studied over three weeks: internet privacy, payment security, and home security.
From 2016 to 2018, the course was offered seven times. Throughout the course, a variety of data was collected. This project aims to evaluate the data and get some useful insights that can be utilized to improve the course and establish a viable business model for future courses.

## 2. Objective

This investigation has primarily two objectives:

2.1. Selecting The Right Audience.

> To select the right audience we must know from which location or country the students are getting most enrolled into the course, Once we know from which location the most people are getting enrolled we can do further analysis on learners gender, education qualification, employment background, status and age etc. All this analysis will help the course provider in targeting the right audience and helps us in better understanding of the students or people showing a strong interest in the course.

2.2. Investigating The Delivery Methods.

> Once we know who the target audience are, we can make course interesting and appealing to the learners. We can do this by investigating the delivery methods. We know that the course is primarily offered in four formats: video, articles, discussion, and a quiz which is conducted at the end of each week. Once we know which format is most popular among the students we can use that format to attract more audience to learn the course. 

## 3. Steps to execute this Project.
1. Download/fork/clone the project by clicking [here](https://github.com/pillasatish/C1047209_PILLA_SATISH_EDA_PROJECT) and place all the data files in ./data/ directory.
2. (Mandatory step if downloading from git): Create ./data/ and ./cache/ directory in the project folder.
3. Open RStudio
4. Set working directory by using the command setwd("path/where/you/downloaded/the/project/file") or you can simply click on sessions tab present in the top menu bar then go to set working directory then choose directory (Session > Set Working Directory > Choose directory).
5. Open ./reports/EDA_reports.rmd and run all the chunks by clicking on Run > Run All button in Rstudio.
6. To generate the pdf report click on knit or knit to pdf.

## 4. Reports
There are two report files:
1. Generated by rmarkdown: This file contains all the analysis and plot description. This file is in ./reports/EDA_reports.pdf
2. 2 page critical report: This file contains summary of the analysis that was done and the experience of using the tools and techniques like ProjectTemplate, Git, CRISP-DM, RMarkdown. This file is in ./reports/Summary.pdf
